"Fischerweise, " Schubert, 1826.
- "Give up your foolish trickery. "
- "This fish you cannot cheat. "
I hope I'm not intruding.
Excuse me. Matthew,
take these up to Mr. Williams.
And make sure he packs
my white tie and tails.
- I'll take care of it, professor.
- Thank you. I do apologize.
I'm off on a blasted lecture tour.
Would you care for some tea or coffee?
- Neither.
- Something stronger, perhaps?
No, but might I trouble you
for an inscription?
I read that the good doctor
was to be married today.
How was the service?
Definitive.
He'll no longer be party to my investigations.
He's out of the equation.
I trust you'll take this into consideration.
And what considerations
will you grant me?
Have you actually read the book?
I found it compelling...
...though I'm primarily interested
in your more recent endeavors.
I take that as a compliment.
I have the utmost regard for your talents.
It's a pleasure to finally meet you...
...officially.
Are you familiar with the study
of graphology?
I've never given it
any serious thought, no.
The psychological analysis
of handwriting.
The upward strokes on the P, the J,
and the M indicate a genius-level intellect.
While the flourishes on the lower zone...
...denote a highly creative
yet meticulous nature.
But if one observes the overall slant
and the pressure of the writing...
...there's a suggestion of acute narcissism,
a complete lack of empathy...
- ... and a pronounced inclination toward-
- No.
- moral insanity.
In answer to your previous request
regarding Dr. Watson not being involved...
...the answer is no.
The laws of celestial mechanics dictate
that when two objects collide...
...there is always damage
of a collateral nature.
Exempli gratia.
Two gentlemen find themselves
at cross-purposes.
A young woman torn between them.
The strain proves too much for her,
and she suddenly falls ill...
...with tragic consequences.
A rare form of tuberculosis.
She succumbed in a matter of seconds.
Now...
...are you sure you want
to play this game?
I'm afraid you'd lose.
Rest assured, if you attempt
to bring destruction down upon me...
...I shall do the same to you.
My respect for you, Mr. Holmes,
is the only reason you're still alive.
You've paid me several compliments.
Let me pay you one in return when I say that
if I were assured of the former eventuality...
...I would cheerfully accept the latter.
I'll be sure to send my regards
to the happy couple.